I welcome back to cooking with grace
today we are at the kitchen of seasonal
with me chef and owner chef Eddie and he
is going to teach us how to bake
leadership oh so Annie can you tell us
more about this dish the beador's
facility is one of the most traditional
it's basically
as
heretics and
take some shorter
giving meal and everybody like kids love
it I
these days
Oh
[Music]
makes amino acid wreck tender and most
importantly it cooks more evenly which
you want as well so - ready ready now
I'm sure you want the other one very
simple
flower shake up all the excess flour
okay will you take it up let's go tell
my chef you always want to clean hands
we just use two fingers okay
and uh you don't like steer with your
entire hand in there
those people should work sanitary you
should work clean okay here's the winner
you can you cover it with wet hunts
only a slight touch on top
shake off the flour the breadcrumbs
shine
so what kind of oil do you use
traditionally we would use butter fed
okay but I have to say this is not a
very modern way to cook because people I
think are very great health conscious
right these days
so uh I think butter fed it's a bit too
heavy we use canola oil and what the
traditional way would be fried in a pan
lots of people are actually like hurt
themselves regularly by using food like
well on PowerPoint opens burner
yeah
hi and traditionally the color of
container
they follow my credibility
[Music]
you see like this the preparation time
of this is like
yeah
it's part two
[Music]
then on top
policy is
when either you come
eventually is well thank you so much
energy Burgos this planet but please
enjoy cooking and let me know how it is
thank you and seasonal is located in
Midtown West thanks for joining it check
back next week for more great recipes